hey movie fans i'm your host patrick and
today we're going to take a look at the
2019 horror thriller film called
countdown the movie begins with a group
of friends enjoying themselves at the
house party while they're having drinks
one of the girls comes across an app
called countdown claiming to stay at the
time of death of the person who uses it
everybody gets excited to try it out but
one of them courtney is hesitant they
all decide to install the app and the
one with the shortest time will have to
drink all of the beer on the table each
one of them gets a suitable time limit
of many years of life but courtney gets
only three hours to live on her phone in
the meantime her boyfriend evans comes
and everybody tells him that his
girlfriend lost the game and has to
drink all the beer evan offers himself
for the drinks instead of courtney after
the party ends the couple sits in the
car to drive home but evan's too drunk
to drive courtney's already creeped out
because of that app and gets out of the
car saying she's going to walk home
instead of driving with her drunk
boyfriend evan drives away angrily as
courtney starts walking home she
suddenly gets a notification from the
countdown app on her phone stating user
agreement broken she takes no notice and
starts walking down the lane suddenly a
man starts following her courtney
fastens her pace and as she outruns him
she starts seeing other things around
her after a while she manages to make it
home safely but she sends his paranormal
sounds in her bathroom just as she's
looking around something grabs her by
the head and she disappears in the next
moment her dead body falls on the floor
and her head hits the bathtub courtney
lies there bleeding as the timer on her
phone gets to zero meanwhile evan has
also crashed and he sees a passenger
seat impaled by a tree branch the seat
where courtney would have been if she
didn't walk home the scene now shifts to
a hospital where a nurse quinn is
working she goes to meet evans who's due
for a surgery but he's reluctant quinn
asks him about it and he explains how
his girlfriend died last night because
of the app he claims that he has also
installed the app and it has predicted
his death in a few hours during surgery
quinn doesn't take it seriously and
advises him to snap out of these
superstitions afterwards she goes to
report the head nurse who takes her to
the main lobby where everyone
congratulates her for officially being a
part of the nursing staff and their
celebration starts while they eat the
cake the discussion about the countdown
app begins and everybody installs it
most of the people get 40 plus years of
life ahead and while they're discussing
a patient comes in she's about to die
due to drug overdose but the doctors
inject her with narcan a counteract for
drugs and she is revived as her duty
ends quinn installs the countdown app
while leaving the hospital but to her
surprise the app displays that she only
has three days to live that evening she
goes to her home to look for some
documents as she is going through the
drawers she hears sounds in the wardrobe
she cautiously approaches it and opens
the door in a flash only to find her
sister jordan in there with a boy as the
guy leaves quinn tries to talk to jordan
but she simply refuses to listen to her
jordan quarrels with her sister and
locks herself in the room in the
meantime their dad wakes up and he
happily greets quinn while she's trying
to talk to jordan he then offers her to
accompany them to go visit their
mother's grave which she accepts back at
the hospital evan tries to walk away
from the hospital rooms while he's on
his way the notification appears on his
phone stating user agreement broken he
pays no attention and carries on but as
he reaches a sharp turn at the
corridor's end he witnesses a black
entity standing behind him he slowly
turns his head but there's no one there
he looks again in the blind corner
mirror and sees the black entity again
this time it screams and charges towards
him and breaks the mirror evan gets
scared and hurries toward the exit
staircase his phone reminds him that he
has only one minute to live in that
exact moment the light shut off and he
witnesses courtney's corpse on the
stairs he falls down upon looking at her
demonized face and the ghost attacks him
first evan's phone falls down to the
last step of the stairs and just as the
timer clocks zero his dead body comes
down with a thud the following morning
quinn gets to know that evan died last
night by falling off the stairs she gets
scared that it may be due to that app
she visits the morgue and takes out
evan's body she then checks his phone
and after getting it unlocked she sees
that the countdown shows all the digits
to zero meaning that his time was
already over when he died afterwards she
sits in extreme stress as her own life
is now at stake in the interim a doctor
invites her to check on the patient and
while being in that room the doctor
tries to molest and abuse quinn but she
shoves him away after being rejected he
goes professional and apologizes to her
but quinn simply leaves a room that
night she starts researching on the
internet about the countdown app she
reads several comments on the forum
stating that it's true she also comes
upon the video of a girl who dies in
front of the camera after explaining how
this zap is actually deadly but as she
reads the comments under the video she
gets a sigh of relief as everyone calls
it fake and staged after getting relaxed
she closes the laptop but suddenly
catches a glimpse of evan's corpse
standing before her she shrieks in
horror but it vanishes in the next
moment she gets up in her terrorized
state she breaks her phone and leaves
the house but even after smashing it the
phone turns back on with the timer still
running after leaving the house she goes
outside in her car and spends the rest
of the night there in the morning she's
woken up by her sister banging on the
car's window as they move in jordan asks
why her phone is broken she picks it up
and remarks that a notification is
saying that she only has one day left to
live quinn grabs a phone from her and
they have a quarrel jordan gets offended
by her sister's behavior and leaves a
room that morning she goes to a shop and
purchases a new phone but after unboxing
it and turning it on for the first time
ever the countdown gets installed and
updated automatically she then argues
with the manager of the shop but he
couldn't answer it properly meanwhile
another man who's in line gets
interested by her question and he asked
the manager what the girl was talking
about afterwards quinn sits in her car
and as she's about to reverse a black
figure shows up in her rear cam upon
looking again it disappears but just as
she gets relaxed some demonic hand grabs
her face and pulls her back as a
reaction she slams the gas pedal and
crashes into another car immediately
afterwards she crawls out of the car in
sheer terror the man starts arguing with
her but she's saved by the black guy
from the shop he then shows her his
phone where the countdown says that it
only has 18 hours left afterwards both
of them sit at the bar and discuss why
they have been chosen to die so early
while they're talking a drunk man is
proving his point as a flat earther they
suddenly realize that they haven't read
the terms and conditions therefore they
get the drunk man to install the app and
they read the user terms and conditions
which stated that the user should not
try to change their fate but accept it
both of them come to the conclusion that
they already tried to change their fates
by cancelling their plans later they
visit the hospital to see the priest but
he admits that he has no knowledge of it
and they should visit another priest who
believes in demons and knows a lot about
them as they're leaving his place quinn
gets called by nurse amy meanwhile matt
goes to the restroom to take a piss
while he's in his cabin his door gets
rattled he looks down to see a kid's
bare feet he asks him to leave and the
kid moves away but when matt comes out
the lights of the restroom shut off and
he gets attacked by the corpse of his
little brother he falls down as a demon
attacks him but it instantly vanishes as
another person comes into the bathroom
upon which matt gets up and leaves in a
flabbergasted state meanwhile quinn is
taken to the office where a panel is
sitting comprising the hr and the
administrator in the meantime dr
sullivan the person who harassed quinn
the other day also arrives he then tells
quinn that he has explained everything
to the panel about what happened that
day and that it was a misunderstanding
just as quinn takes a breath of relief
it's revealed that dr sullivan flipped
the story on quinn that it was she who
cornered them the hr head responds with
an immediate suspension order for quinn
she gets furious upon the injustice and
leaves the hospital with matt later that
night they visit the church and meet the
priest was referred he gets overly
excited when matt mentions demons as
they explain the whole situation father
grabs the bible and narrates them a
story the story of a prince who had to
lead an army to war before leaving he
visits a gypsy woman who asked her if
he'd survived the battle the gypsy woman
hands him a scroll with numbers written
on it she explains that he should not
change his fate but instead of going he
sends his little brother to the battle
who returns with the marvelous victory
the prince then visits the old woman who
tells him that he tried to change his
fate now the demon ozin is coming to get
him and he won't let the prince die in a
simple manner but he will torment him
and make him suffer in agony the father
then concludes that this app might be a
modernized version of the old gypsy
scroll as it had the same style of
numbers written matt and quinn asked for
a solution or a way to break out of it
upon which father replies that if they
know the code it can be understood quinn
suddenly remembers that they can get the
app hacked by someone to achieve that
purpose they go to the same tech guy
from whom quinn bought the phone he's
closing his shop but quinn offers him a
handful of money if he can help them he
agrees to break his tinder date for
almost two thousand dollars in reward
they go inside the shop and the tech guy
hacks into the countdown app
surprisingly that simple app isn't very
simple and has a database of 60
gigabytes as he goes through it quinn
snaps a picture of a latin script
written at the front the tech guy then
opens a window showing all the codes and
names of people who've installed the app
along with the remaining time they ask
him to change the date and time which he
does and it actually works matt's phone
starts to show 92 years meanwhile quinn
suddenly comes upon her sister's name
among the database and requests the guy
to change it as well after everything is
done and wrapped up they leave the shop
with a sigh of relief and restored
relaxation as matt is about to leave
quinn offers him to accompany her to the
apartment so they can sleep together
they reach the apartment and settle down
matt makes himself comfortable on the
floor while quinn lies on the bed as
they talk they discuss the tragedies of
their loved ones matt shares how he
stoned his brother's toy while he was
sick and near his death matt was 10
years old back then and didn't
understand how bad it was quinn shares
how she escaped to a party one night
refusing to follow her mom's orders at
night after she sneaked out her mom left
looking for her but got killed by a
drunk driver afterwards quinn offers him
to come to bed late at night she wakes
up to a noise she tries to wake up matt
who has his arm wrapped around her he
doesn't wake up as quinn observes a
figure coming up behind the door she
starts calling matt as the door opens
but to her surprise it's actually matt
who's at the door she then looks at the
arm wrapped around her and suddenly it
turns to a demonic hand she screams in
terror as it attacks her but matt
hurries to her bed and relaxes her in
the meantime their phones start to ring
and they observe it stunned as the timer
has been set to its previous date quinn
suddenly remembers that jordan is in
danger as well she tries to call her but
the phone doesn't get picked up the
scene shifts to jordan who's alone at
home as she gets to her phone she sees
six missed calls from her sister and the
countdown reset so only 4 hours she gets
scared and suddenly she hears a sound of
the other room the lights start
flickering on and off jordan gets
frightened and hides herself under the
bed but she starts to hear her mother's
voice asking for her sister jordan
doesn't utter a word and lies still when
instantly the bed gets thrown away she
slowly looks to her side and to her
utmost horror the corpse of her dead
mother lies beside her jordan screams
and runs outside where she meets quinn
and hugs her immediately they leave the
house to go to father john after
reaching the church they go inside and
explain the whole situation to father
john quinn shows him the latin script
that she captured he reads it and
concludes that it's a curse and the
curse can be broken in his excitement he
tells him the curse can be broken only
if a person can die prior to the
destined time or someone can outlive the
timer he then brings out a book stating
that in order to ward off the spirits
they need to create a circle with salt
that would buy them the time they need
in order to outlive and break the curse
they hurry to the basement where they
draw a circle with stars and symbols
inside it using salt and a mixture of
white paint they look at their timers
and match the one who has only 2-3
minutes left he moves aside in extreme
nervousness and quinn tries to console
him meanwhile the phone rings again and
they move back to the circle the lights
shut off and jon brings out his cross
claiming that the demon is here stuff
all around the basement start to fall
off the shelves and they start to hear
demonic screeches father john exclaims
that he's above them but as they all
face one direction jordan turns around
and screams in terror as she sees the
demon ozin floating behind her they all
turn around and father jon starts
reciting verses in latin meanwhile the
demon tries to enter the circle but it
starts to burn itself as a result after
circling them it disappears they all
look around in the dark but it's nowhere
to be seen suddenly matt sees his
younger brother standing outside the
circle matt gets emotional on the side
of him and goes after him just as he
steps out of the circle his brother
transforms into the demon and drags him
away into darkness queen lunges after
him and everyone breaks a circle several
shells fall down on her and on jordan as
well quinn makes it outside the basement
and witnesses matt being crushed into a
tree by a truck tears trickle down
quinn's cheeks as she lies beside matt
and the timer on his phone counts down
to zero in the meantime jordan also
comes outside and quinn realizes that
her younger sister is severely injured
jordan is taken to the hospital where
she starts to get the treatment
meanwhile a nurse named rachel
approaches quinn and says that she's
been a victim of dr sullivan's
harassment as well she thanks rachel and
goes up to jordan who's being treated by
dr sullivan queen comes up with an idea
to break the curse by killing dr
sullivan she goes to his room and tries
to seduce him he does not comply at the
moment so she leaves saying that she'll
be in the closed wing later dr sullivan
makes his way across a dark and dingy
area and quinn keeps on teasing him as
he moves around with his eyes closed she
attacks him with a crowbar just as she's
about to kill him dr sullivan is dragged
across the floor away from her rage
jordan is also there and quinn exclaims
how this will get them to break the
curse after she runs after sullivan
jordan is left alone and she gets chased
by the demon in the interim quinn goes
after the doctor and tries to kill him
but gets thrown away from him as the
doctor escapes she notices that her
ankle is broken she suddenly remembers
that jordan is alone and has little time
left she grabs some drugs and syringes
from the cabinet and goes to look for
her sister meanwhile jordan is alone in
a dark room with only a minute and a
half left for her she cries in
helplessness but in the next moments she
gets attacked by the demon and he throws
her out the window ozin is about to kill
her when suddenly quinn comes there and
threatens to kill herself as a timer for
jordan comes down to 30 seconds odin
transforms into their mother and tries
to talk quinn out of it she almost gets
carried away in sentiments but suddenly
realizes that it's a demon talking she
injects the syringe and with only a few
seconds left on the timer she drops to
the ground and goes unconscious the
demon screeches and lifts her up in the
air but in turn it gets destroyed and
turned into ash in the meantime jordan
starts to cry as she sits beside her
dead sister but suddenly she sees a spot
on quinn's arm indicating narcan she
finds a syringe in the counteract for
the drug as soon as she injects it quinn
comes back to life they both cry in
happiness as they succeeded in breaking
the curse later in a bright and fresh
morning quinn and jordan visit their
mother's grave with her father while
they're making their way back they get
the relieving news that dr sullivan is
being jailed for harassment as they walk
quinn gets a notification on her phone
she takes it out into her utter
disbelief she sees countdown 2.0
successfully installed on her phone and
with that the movie ends drop a comment
below letting me know how you found the
video make sure to like subscribe and
ring the notification bell thanks for
watching guys